Rest Annotation Description
@Path 
-----
The @Path annotation’s value is a relative URI path indicating where the Java class will
be hosted: for example, /helloworld. You can also embed variables in the URIs to
make a URI path template. For example, you could ask for the name of a user and pass
it to the application as a variable in the URI: /helloworld/{username}.

@GET 
-----
The @GET annotation is a request method designator and corresponds to the similarly
named HTTP method. The Java method annotated with this request method
designator will process HTTP GET requests. The behavior of a resource is determined
by the HTTP method to which the resource is responding.

@POST
------
 The @POST annotation is a request method designator and corresponds to the similarly
named HTTP method. The Java method annotated with this request method
designator will process HTTP POST requests. The behavior of a resource is
determined by the HTTP method to which the resource is responding.
@PUT
------
The @PUT annotation is a request method designator and corresponds to the similarly
named HTTP method. The Java method annotated with this request method
designator will process HTTP PUT requests. The behavior of a resource is determined
by the HTTP method to which the resource is responding.

@DELETE
--------
 The @DELETE annotation is a request method designator and corresponds to the
similarly named HTTP method. The Java method annotated with this request method
designator will process HTTP DELETE requests. The behavior of a resource is
determined by the HTTP method to which the resource is responding.

@HEAD
------
 The @HEAD annotation is a request method designator and corresponds to the similarly
named HTTP method. The Java method annotated with this request method
designator will process HTTP HEAD requests. The behavior of a resource is
determined by the HTTP method to which the resource is responding.

@PathParam
----------
 The @PathParam annotation is a type of parameter that you can extract for use in your
resource class. URI path parameters are extracted from the request URI, and the
parameter names correspond to the URI path template variable names specified in the
@Path class-level annotation.

@QueryParam
------------
 The @QueryParam annotation is a type of parameter that you can extract for use in your
resource class. Query parameters are extracted from the request URI query parameters.